Make it possible to add Razor HTML content to the shape as a property (#14867)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.0.0.md

### Sealing Types

> Many configuration classes commonly used by modules can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. We've implemented this enhancement in [this pull request](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16253) and [this one](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16238). While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your own extensions as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many configuration classes commonly used by modules can be `sealed`, which improves runtime performance. We've implemented this enhancement in [this pull request](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16253) and [this one](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/16238). While it's not mandatory, we recommend that you consider applying this improvement to your extensions as well.
```

Author: That wasn't mine, but sure. :)

> ### Adding properties with additional tag helpers
> 
> The new `<add-property>` tag helper can be placed inside `<shape>` tag helpers to add properties to the shape. This is similar to `prop-*` attributes, but you can also include Razor code as `IHtmlContent` property value, which was not possible before. See more details [here](../reference/core/Placement/README.md#adding-properties-with-additional-tag-helpers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding properties with additional tag helpers

The new `<add-property>` tag helper can be placed inside the `<shape>` tag helpers to add properties to the shape. This is similar to `prop-*` attributes, but you can also include Razor code as the `IHtmlContent` property value, which was impossible before. See more details [here](../reference/core/Placement/README.md#adding-properties-with-additional-tag-helpers).
```
